c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\Metroid.exe.config
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\jpeg.dll
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\libfreetype-6.dll
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\libpng12-0.dll
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\libpng12.dll
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL.dll
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL_gfx.dll
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL_image.dll
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL_mixer.dll
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL_ttf.dll
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\Tao.Sdl.dll
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\zlib1.dll
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\Metroid.exe
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\Metroid.pdb
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\obj\Debug\Metroid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\obj\Debug\Metroid.exe
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\obj\Debug\Metroid.pdb
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\map.png
c:\users\keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\samus.gif
C:\Users\Keru\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\weapon.png
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\Metroid.exe.config
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\obj\Debug\Metroid.exe
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\obj\Debug\Metroid.pdb
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\map.png
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\samus.gif
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\weapon.png
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\jpeg.dll
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\libfreetype-6.dll
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\libpng12-0.dll
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\libpng12.dll
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL.dll
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL_gfx.dll
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL_image.dll
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL_mixer.dll
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL_ttf.dll
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\Tao.Sdl.dll
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\zlib1.dll
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\Metroid.exe
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\Metroid.pdb
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\obj\Debug\Metroid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\title.png
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\s1.png
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\s2.png
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\s3.png
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\s4.png
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\stars.png
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\font\Joystix.ttf
C:\Users\BlaiddCrow\Documents\DAM\Programacion\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\font\VeraSansBold.ttf
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\s1.png
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\s2.png
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\s3.png
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\s4.png
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\stars.png
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\title.png
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\font\Joystix.ttf
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\font\VeraSansBold.ttf
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\maps\1.dat
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\maps\2.dat
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\maps\3.dat
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\1718.png
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\dat\map.dat
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\menuOptions.png
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\finger.png
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\weaver.png
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\upgrades.png
C:\Users\Keru\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\hud.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\Metroid.exe.config
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\obj\Debug\Metroid.exe
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\obj\Debug\Metroid.pdb
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\1718.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\finger.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\hud.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\map.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\menuOptions.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\s1.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\s2.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\s3.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\s4.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\samus.gif
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\stars.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\title.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\upgrades.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\weapon.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\weaver.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\jpeg.dll
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\libfreetype-6.dll
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\libpng12-0.dll
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\libpng12.dll
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL.dll
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL_gfx.dll
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL_image.dll
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL_mixer.dll
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\SDL_ttf.dll
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\Tao.Sdl.dll
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\zlib1.dll
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\dat\map.dat
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\font\Joystix.ttf
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\font\VeraSansBold.ttf
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\maps\1.dat
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\maps\2.dat
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\maps\3.dat
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\Metroid.exe
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\Metroid.pdb
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\obj\Debug\Metroid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\maps\4.dat
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\OptionsEN.png
C:\Users\Keru\Desktop\metroid\Metroid\bin\Debug\img\OptionsES.png
